
NAME

    CBProProjectEdit

SYNOPSIS

    CBProProjectEdit [ --design-id ascii-text ]
                     --edit-file edits.txt 
                     --in-project oldproj.slabtimeproj 
                     --out-project newproj.slabtimeproj

    CBProProjectEdit --help

DESCRIPTION

    Allows you to make some basic edits to a configuration, and save the
    resulting new design to a project file. Clock frequencies and state can be
    edited. On supported devices, DSPLL bandwidth and assignment can also be
    defined. Editing is done via a simple text configuration file you specify
    on the command line.

EDIT FILE

    You must specify an edit file on the command line using the --edit-file
    option. This file will define what changes you want to make to one or more
    clock inputs and/outputs. The format of the file varies depending on
    whether the device in your project file has a single or multiple DSPLLs.

    If a single DSPLL device:

    Clock,State,Frequency
    IN0,Enabled,19.44 MHz
    IN1,Unused
    OUT0,Enabled,25*(825/128)M
    OUT1,Disabled,625M
    OUT5,Unused

    The header (Clock,State,Frequency) is required. Comments via lines
    starting with # are allowed, as are blank lines. Inputs can have one of
    two states: Enabled or Unused. Outputs have three possible states:
    Enabled, Disabled, or Unused. You **do not** have to list every input or
    output clock: any not listed will retain the setting in the project file.

    If a multiple DSPLL device:

    Clock,State,DSPLL,Frequency
    IN0,Enabled,ABCD,19.44 MHz
    IN1,Unused
    OUT0,Enabled,A,25*(825/128)M
    OUT1,Enabled,B,625M
    OUT5,Unused

    This adds a column for DSPLL assignment to the format. Note that in the
    case of an input, you list all DSPLLs that the input will feed.

    On select devices, DSPLL bandwidth can also be changed by specifying OLBW
    (nominal), FLBW (fastlock), or HOBW (holdover exit) as a clock name.
    Example for single DSPLL device:

    OLBW,,100 Hz
    FLBW,,1k

    Example for multi-DSPLL device:

    OLBW,,A,100
    FLBW,,A,1k
    OLBW,,B,200
    FLBW,,B,2k

    You can also specify bandwidth for multiple DSPLLs at once:

    OLBW,,AB,100 Hz
    FLBW,,AB,1 kHz

EXAMPLE

    CBProProjectEdit --in-project Si5345-Original-Project.slabtimeproj
                     --edit-file Si5345-Edits.txt
                     --out-project Si5345-Edited-Project.slabtimeproj


        Applies configuration edits in Si5345-Edits.txt to project file
        Si5345-Original-Project.slabtimeproj, creating
        Si5345-Edited-Project.slabtimeproj.

        This example is in Edit-And-Export-For-Single-PLL-Device under the
        C:\Program Files (x86)\Silicon Laboratories\ClockBuilder
        Pro\CLI\Samples folder. An example for a multi-PLL device is in the
        Edit-And-Export-For-Multi-PLL-Device folder.

OPTIONS

    --design-id ascii-text

        Some ASCII text to store in the DESIGN_ID registers. This is optional.
        If you do not specify, then the value in the input project file will
        be left as-is.

    --edit-file pathname

        The edits to make are defined in this file. See EDIT FILE for details.
        You must specify this.

    --help 

        Print detailed usage to the console and exit.

    --in-project pathname

        The input project. You are modifying this design. The underlying file
        will not be changed unless you specify --out_project to be the same
        file. You must specify this.

    --out-project pathname

        The project file to save the edited design to. This can be the same
        file as --in_project, but normally you will be saving to another file.
        You must specify this.

    --version 

        Print this program's version number and exit.

