
NAME

    CBProEVBPowerMeasure

SYNOPSIS

    CBProEVBPowerMeasure [ --out-folder pathname ] [ --project pathname ] 
                         [ --count 1,2,3,... ] [ -tag label ]

    CBProEVBPowerMeasure --help

DESCRIPTION

    Writes a project file -- or the EVB default project if none is specified
    -- to the EVB. Configures the VDDO regulators to match the project file.
    Then reads current and voltage for each regulator and saves to a CSV file
    in either the specified directory or the current directory if none is
    specified. The output file will be uniquely named based on the project
    filename / EVB and a timestamp. You can optionally add an identification
    label to filename using the --tag option.

    If the EVB sample project file is written -- because a project file was
    not specified using the --project option -- the project file used will
    also be saved to the output folder.

OPTIONS

    --count 1,2,3,...

        Number of times to perform the measurement. A new CSV file is saved
        for each measurement. The default is 1 time.

    --delay-before-measure seconds

        Number of seconds to delay after writing the project file to the DUT
        before the measurement is taken. Normally a small delay is inserted by
        the tool. If specified, a longer delay can be inserted. When this is
        the case, two sets of measurements are taken: before the delay and
        after, with the file marked 'Before-Delay' and 'After-Delay' in the
        filename.

    --device id

        Select the Evaluation Board or Field Programmer to target. Required if
        there are 2 or more EVBs/FPs attached to the PC.

    --help 

        Print detailed usage to the console and exit.

    --list-devices 

        List Silicon Labs Timing devices -- Evaluation Boards and Field
        Programmers -- connected to the PC and exit.

    --out-folder pathname

        Where to save the EVB power data to. Optional. If not specified, the
        working directory is used.

    --project pathname

        A project file to write to the device. Optional. If not specified, the
        EVB default project will be used.

    --tag label

        Some identification text to save to the output CSV filename. Optional.

    --version 

        Print this program's version number and exit.

